docs: Make scope and naming of Pull Requests clearer (#35272)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-open-a-pull-request.md

# How to open a Pull Request

## How to prepare a good Pull Request title:

When opening a Pull Request(PR), use the following scope table to decide what to title your PR in the following format:
`fix/feat/chore/refactor/docs/perf (scope): PR Title`

An example is `fix(learn): Fixed tests for the do...while loop challenge`.

> | scope | documentation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scope | Documentation |
```

Author: Good catch, changes made

|---|---|
| `learn`,`curriculum` | For Pull Requests making changes to the curriculum challenges. |

> | `client` | For Pull Requests making changing to the project settings. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `client` | For Pull Requests making changes to client platform logic or user interface |
```

| `guide` | For Pull Requests which make changes to the guide. |

> | `ui` | For Pull Requests which modify the User Interface of any page. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

2. By default, all pull requests should be against the freeCodeCamp main repo, `master` branch.

    Make sure that your Base Fork is set to freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp when raising a Pull Request.

    ![Image - Comparing forks when making a pull request](/docs/images/github/comparing-forks-for-pull-request.png)

3. Submit the pull request from your branch to freeCodeCamp's `master` branch.

4. In the body of your PR include a more detailed summary of the changes you made and why.

    - You will be presented with a pull request template. This is a checklist that you should have followed before opening the pull request.

    - Fill in the details as they seem fit you. This information will be reviewed and decide whether or not, your pull request is going to be accepted.

    - If the PR is meant to fix an existing bug/issue then, at the end of
      your PR's description, append the keyword `closes` and #xxxx (where xxxx
      is the issue number). Example: `closes #1337`. This tells GitHub to
      automatically close the existing issue, if the PR is accepted and merged.

5. Indicate if you have tested on a local copy of the site or not.

>     This is very important when you are making changes that are not copy editing markdown files. For example, changes to CSS or JavaScript code, etc.

Reviewer: Not everyone would know what `copy editing` means, so see my suggestion below.  My suggestion can probably still be simplified a bit more though.

```suggestion
    This is very important when you are making changes that are not just making edits to text content such as a Guide article verbiage. Examples of changes needing local testing would include JavaScript, CSS, or HTML which could change the functionality or layout of a page.
```
